After the initiative of the Japanese government, North Korean ruler Jeung Joseup Moon,
the princess Y Bisong has led a pious谷 토の国政主席充ね生影と協力し constitution
We are a society that feels more sorrow than
the core of the country.
Since the beginning of the Great East Asia War,
there has been a slight change.
Now, the white fleet of the A.A.
has been evading the shadow of the Pacific Ocean.
The southern Pacific base,
and the entire A.A.
have fallen into the hands of the enemy.
Before the war,
we have lost the power of the A.A.
and have taken the position of the Japanese.
We have lost our rightful position.
We have finally taken the A.A.
and have taken the lead.
The A.A. that has been working hard to
open the front door to the Japanese Empire
is now
the defense of the A.A.
and the propaganda of the Japanese government.
I am trying to find the wrong words
against the arrogant attitude
of the A.A. government.
However, the A.A. government
has been trying to
build a future with a strong hope
and have been trying to
expand the military force.
The A.A. government has been trying to
overcome the strategic advantage
that has been changed for them in the Pacific Ocean.
They have also been trying to
close their eyes
to the training of the enemy,
the training of the enemy,
and the training of the enemy.
They have been trying to
overcome their own worries
and worries
by putting themselves in the position
of the A.A. government.